updates fields in test vectors (#188)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

##### Batching inputs

Unlike other functions, `ComputeComposites` takes lists of inputs,

> rather than a single input. This allows to produce a combined proof
> in `GenerateProof` for a batch of elements.
> (In the pseudocode above, the single inputs `blindToken`
> and `element` passed as one-item lists to `ComputeComposites`).
> Applications can take advantage of this functionality by invoking
> `GenerateProof` on batches of inputs and producing a `BatchedEvaluation`
> structure as the output of `Evaluate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rather than a single input. Applications can take advantage of this
functionality by invoking `GenerateProof` on batches of inputs to 
produce a combined, constant-size proof. (In the pseudocode above, 
the single inputs `blindToken` and `element` passed as one-item lists 
to `ComputeComposites`.) 
```

#### ComputeComposites

> The definition of `ComputeComposites` is given below. This function is

Reviewer: Can we refactor this function so that it doesn't have a reference to `self` internally? It's sort of awkward as-is.

Author: I think this also extends to the contextString?
```
  seedDST = "VOPRF05-seed-" || self.contextString
```

Author: I followed the same pattern of using self. Ideas are welcomed.

Reviewer: Ohh, yeah. Hmm. How about we merge as-is and then I make an attempt at clarifying after?

## Timing Leaks

> To prevent no information is leaked during protocol execution, all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure no information is leaked during protocol execution, all
```
